What is `NPM`?
npm is the software package manager and installer 


- What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?

Parcel and Webpack are the bundlers that combines many javascript codes files into  a single one that is production ready 
loadable in browser, these bbundlers do lots of things like 
File Watchers Algorithm in C++
Bundling
Hot Module Replacement
Image optimisation
minifies our code
caching while development
helps run https on local dev
manages transitive dependencies
CLean our code 
Dev and production build 
Compression 
compatible with oder versions
Manages Port Number
Consistent Hashing Algorithms 


What is `.parcel-cache`

.parcel-cache folder stores information about our project project when parcel builds it, so that when it re-builds it doesn't have 
to re-parse and re-analyse everything from scratch


What is `npx` ?

npm is node package execute and it comes with npm, It is a npm package that execute any pacakge that we want from npm registry 
even without installing that pacakge


What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies`

devDependencies are the modules which are only required during development, while the dependencies are the modules which are
also required at the run time of the application 


What is Tree Shaking?

Tree Shaking is a term commonly used in javascript context for dead code elimination. 


What is Hot Module Replacement?

HMR exchanges, adds, or removes modules while an application is running,  without doing a full reload


List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your
own words.

File Watchers Algorithm in C++
Bundling
Hot Module Replacement
Image optimisation
minifies our code
caching while development

File Watchers Algorithm in C++: This keeps a watch on each and every file and whenever any change is made it automatically
restart the server and do HMP

Bundling: It bundles all are files into a common JS file which will be executed by browser

caching while development: whenever a new build is creted it store information of it so that whenever it rebuild it doesn't
have to re-analyse and re-parse everything form scratch


What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?

.gitignore is file which keeps the track of the file which will not be pushed to the git origin
we should not add the files in gitignore which cannot be regenerated automatically on the server 
and only add files which can be regenerated and should not be pushed to the origin (The files are auto generated using package.json)


What is the difference between `package.json` and `package-lock.json`

package.json stores file is the core of any node project. It stores the critical metadata about a project that is necessary
before releasing  it to npm, it also specifies the fucntional properties of a project that npm utilises.

package-lock.json is a lock file that holds the information on the dependencies or pacakges installed for a node.js project 
including their exact version numbers


Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?

It is a generated file and is not designed to be manually edited. Its purpose is to track the entire tree of dependencies 
(including dependencies of dependencies) and the exact version of each dependency. You should commit package-lock. 
json to your code repository.



What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?

node_modules is cache for the external modules that our project depends upon. when we do npm install 'package_name'
the packages are downloaded from web and copied in the node folder and NodeJS is trained to look for them whenever we import 
them even without a specific path

It is very very bad idea to push node_modules as it contains lots of dependencies and even transitive dependencies that is very huge in size
and these dependencies can easily generated on the server with the help of the package.json so there is no need to push it.


What is the `dist` folder?

dist stands for distributables it contains the minified version of our source code into HTML, CSS, JS files with some map files that contains
some helper code. This is the actual code that will be used on production web applications, Along with the minified code, the /dist folder also 
comprises of all the compiled modules that may or may not be used with other systems


What is Browserslist?

Browserslist is a tool that allows specifying which browsers should be supported in your frontend app by specifying "queries" in a config file.
It's used by frameworks/libraries such as React, Angular and Vue, but it's not limited to them


^ - caret and ~ - tilda
^ caret specifies that if any minor version update of the package is available use that e.g 2.3 -> 2.4 

~ tilda specifies if major version update of the package is available then use that e.g. 2.4 -> 3.1