What is Emmet

Emmet is a set of plug-ins for text editors that allows high speed coding and editing in HTML, XML, and other strucutred 
code formats. Emmet is a word that originally meant ant, a small insect that can carry over 50 times of its weight.


Difference between a Library and Framework?

Library provides developer with predefined functions and classes to make their work easier and boost the development process
Framework on the other hand is the foundation upon which developer build applications for specific platforms


What is CDN? Why do we use it?

CDN stands for content delivery network it is network of servers that distributes the content from origin server throughout
the world by caching content close to the where each end user is accessing the internet via internet-enabled devices.


Why is React known as React?

React is named as react because of it's ability to react to changes in data. when data in react components changes it will 
automatically re-render


What is crossorigin in script tag?

The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the requests to an HTTP CORS requests.
Web pages often make requests to load resources from the other servers, Here is where CORS comes in. 
A crossorigin request is request for a resource from another domain.


What is diference between React and ReactDOM

React is Library for creating views and ReactDOM is library to actually render UI in the browser.


What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

react.development.js provides us extra features like debugging, hmr(Hot module reloading) and lots of other stuffs that you might 
use while developing app with the help of bundlers like webpack, parcel, vite. This bundelers bundles and minifies our code to be 
deployed on production

These minified files will be deployed on production which removes lots of unnecessary files which will not be used by our app
for this we have react.production.js to make our our much faster(as bundlers and lots of other files have done there work and are not required now)


What is async and defer?

These are the attributes added while loading the scripts in our HTML page 

In async the script code is loaded parallely along with the HTML parsing and once the loading is done it stops the HTML parsing 
and will start executing the script fetched 
In Defer the script code is loaded parallely along with the HTML parsing and once the HTML parsing is completed then only it will start 
executing the script fetched